(NO.1,Set size:158,Trump hinted at how nasty the debate could get: He had a news conference with women who accused Clinton of sex abuse https://t.co/tVfDyoC6Ir)
Trump hinted at how nasty the debate could get He had a news conference with women who accused Clinton of sex abuse 
Donald Trump Signals He Will Make Bill Clinton an Issue 
Donald Trump Pushes Back Against GOP Critics and Focuses on Bill Clinton 
Did you watch the debate last night ? In case you missed it , here is an article from the @nytimes on the highlights ! 
provides details from that debate if you missed it last night 
The 2nd pres debate w/ @HillaryClinton & amp ; @realDonaldTrump was held last night . See what you missed at @nytimes 
Missed the second debate ? Here are a few highlights of the night 
Heres What You Missed I will summarize true , DT statements 
shame on you Ted Cruz no back bone or morals . Trump would insult then scr 
Donald Trump Appears With Bill Clintons Accusers 
Who'd want to live in an America where opponents to the president are to be put-in jail ? 
We'll have high/low lights on @morningireland after seven . Heres What You Missed 
The only thing worth mentioning of the presidential candidates ' debate tonight is their kumbaya moment at the . 
What was all that sniffling ? Is the #Donald a #cocaine addict ? Heres What You Missed 
Check out their fact check link at the beginning Presidential Heres What You Missed 
Trump certainly has no idea of foreign policy , and Hillary will escalate tension with non-allies . 
Heres What You Missed google Lincoln on slavery if it preserved the union . 
The Second Presidential Debate Heres What You Missed 
Trump defending by attacking , threatening , lying , and bloviating Heres What You Missed 
The second Presidential Debate between Donald J . Trump & amp ; Hillary Clinton Heres What You Missed 
Trump -Hillary second Debate Heres What You Missed 
Sum up off #PresidentialElection #debatenight Presidential Debate Heres What You Missed 
I watched the debate . Too much on non issues . Neither candidate answered each question given . 
I slept through the #debate so instead I'm going to live tweet reading this article 
It's a wrap . Heres What You Missed 
The New York Times Heres What You Missed 
What just happened , w/ @alexburnsNYT . 
Whos Ahead in the Presidential Debate ? What Youve Missed 
AM in the morning where I live . I read a posting from my friend Jeff Faria who showed us passage from . 
Trump Debate Bomb " As president I will appoint a special prosecuter to pursue you , " Happy Early B Day Hilly 
Trump holds a predicate press conference with President Bill Clinton accusers & amp ; chid rape victim . 
former accusers in front row of the #debate . Did not expect that . 
Trumps answer to sexism is to exploit victims of sexism to absolve him . 
Donald Trump Appears With Bill Clintons RAPE Accusers who HILLARY ATTACKED 
Sci- Fi Reality Television in our livingrooms that we all wish would just go away . 
Don't judge me for what I said ten years ago , judge Hillary b/c of what Bill allegedly did 20-40 years ago 
Last I checked , Hillary was running for president , not Bill 
I'll watch the #PresidentialDebate but I only want to hear @realDonaldTrump say , " I withdraw . 
he had a public appearance with B . Clinton's accusers and is having them at the debate 
Amazing American Presidential Debate . It is all about Dirty laundry Trump Appears With Bill Clintons Accusers 
Trump @realDonaldTrump poses with Clinton accusers of more than 20 years ago . 
Another example of @realDonaldTrump exploiting women for his own personal gains . Wonder how much he paid them ? 
The women feel or perhaps were traumatized ; #DonaldTrump has re-traumatized them by making them circus performers . 
How much did Trump Pay these women to sit next to him and lie ? Luckily , he can't buy the election . 
@billclinton is not on the ballot . Trump Appears With Bill Clintons Accusers 
Putting aside their policy differences and the fact that Mr. Trump disparaged Mr. Cruz's wife and father during 
What's going on NY ? Donald Trump Appears With Bill 
Holy shit he's coming in from the top rope ! I need Vince McMahon to be added to the list of moderators ! 
In yet another example of Poor Judgment , @realdonaldtrump has invited guests . 
Desperate disgraced @reaDonaldTrump dredges discredited Bill Clintons Accusers to slander Clinton 
Wow , I didn't know Bill was also running 
cut funding to @realDonaldTrump #Held conference @ #Holiday inn With #his Trumpets & amp ; Bill Clintons Accusers 
Trump just held a news conference with women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault over the years 
Read this before you watch the presidential Trump pushes back against G.O.P. critics & amp ; focuses on Bill 
PAYS " wronged " women to sit next to him and lie ! Good riddance , Mr. Trump , you're history . 
clearly has NO intention to be " contrite " or " embarrassed he's just pissed off he got caught ! 
Mr. Trumps campaign reeled over the weekend after the Friday release of a video recording that showed him . 
Trump Pushes Back Against GOP Critics , Focuses on Women who have Accused Bill Clinton of Sexual Assault . 
Focus on Bill ? It won't matter . He's not running & amp ; it will make #Hillary look better . 
Donald Trump to Push Back Against GOP Critics , Attack Bill Clinton 
What Trump has said & amp ; done is an attack against ALL women and Im shocked that any woman would support this . 
you idiots , focus on bill . he is not on ballot . HRC is just as victim as ur wife melania . 
Mr. Trump will need to focus on trade , threat of Islamic militants , and the creation of jobs 
HELLO BILL CLINTON IS NOT RUNNING . Donald Trump Pushes Back Against G.O.P. Critics & amp ; Focuses on Bill Clinton 
who listen to the New York Times anyway pay no taxes in 2014 
I'm struck by the appalling lack of Hispanic journalistic or editorial diversity in any major American newspaper . 
American women , the electoral fate of the nation's in your hands . Decide whether Trump or Clinton becomes president . 
Martha Raddatz of ABC , and Anderson Cooper of CNN 
New York Times Defiant Trump Attacks Republican Leaders Before Debate . 
I will be watching tonight's debate , commenting on our Facebook page & amp ; tweeting @marcsteiner . 
The Chairman , not satisfied with his party's lack of respect , threatens to unleash the Cultural Revolution . 
Mrs. Clinton will no doubt arrive in St. Louis equipped with a fresh pail of chum 
Round 2 coming up on the US Presidential candidates debate . 
you want to focus on @billclinton ? America would prefer you take responsibility for your actions . 
Advised to be humble & amp ; contrite , Trump Pushes Back Against GOP Critics & amp ; Focuses on Bill Clinton 
Trump Pushes Back Against GOO , Critics , Bill C He's going down his way ! 
Trump tells his followers to go after the GOP and their senate seats ! 
WTF has Bill got to do with THIS election ? 
What to Watch For I hope he sues you ! U caused all of this 
The second presidential #debate looms as Republicans ditch Donald Trump 
I think it's a done deal but I'll still watch tomorrow . I wanna see you walk all over #Trump #Clinton . 
Trump Instructs Loyalists To Attack Party Leaders Who Pulled Support . Escalated Confrontation Could Hurt GOP In . 
Previewing tonight's debate , a reporter says Donald Trump " has a tendency to disappear into his own verbal fog . 
Trump's last opp to catch HRC . I doubt he will . He is a liability . I agree with those who call for him to step down . 
Pushes Back Against G.O.P. Critics and Focuses on Bill Clinton Bills not running . 
@realDonaldTrump is a #Malignant #Narcissistic #Narcissist Be #NarcFree Do NOT #VoteTrump America #Beast Be Gone ! 
Let him bury himself . Pushes Back Against GOP Critics & amp ; Focuses on Bill Clinton 
Yeah , that's how you make America great again . badmouth a guy who was president twenty years ago . 
concerned tonight's #Debates2016 is going to feel more like the jerry Springer show than the seriousness it deserves 
instructs his backers to attack Republican leaders who critcized his predatory behavior & amp ; Bill Clinton 
A look at what to expect tonight . 
What to watch for in 2nd debate Presidential Debate 
Bill is running against him or b Bill's cheating is HRC's fault . Wrong and wrong . 
What to Watch For I hope HRC doesn't shake his hand , A nod of acknowledgement will suffice . 
@nytimes has all the info for the debate tonight 
More blatant collusion @nytimes . Not a peep on @wikileaks . Mr. Clinton isn't running for P " but he'd be in the WH ! 
For all BRAIN DEAD Americans Presidential Debate What to Watch For 
What to Watch For I am watching to see Trump fall on his FAT FACE ! 
Trump Pushes Back Against G.O.P. Critics & amp ; Focuses on Bill Clinton Should Hillary Attack Melania ? 
Advice to Clinton When they go low we go high 
Donald Trump Pushes Back Against Republican Critics and Focuses on Bill Clinton 
Giuliani says Trump will , " make the case that he's a changed man . He stopped being a predator between 59 and 70 ? 
Pushes Back Against Republican Critics & amp ; Focuses on . 
Seriously Donald Trump ? Donald Trump will push Back Against G.O.P. Critics and Focuses on Bill Clinton 
Mr. Trump has a tendency to disappear into his own verbal fog . On the Presidential Debate 
Second Presidential #Debate TONIGHT . Don't miss it . 
Donald Trump Pushes Back Against G.O.P. A fresh pail of chum " Yes ! 
Trump plans to focus on a non-candidate at 
Notably , no Democrats called for Bill to step down after he had an affair with his young intern Monica Lewinsky 
Does Trump go nuclear ? For now , it's figurative . Next year , it could be terrifyingly real . 
WHO SAVES HER DRESS ? FRAMING THE CLINTON'S AND NOW THE GOAL Mr. Trumps campaign reeled over the weekend after . 
Are you kidding me ? I want to watch a debate about policies , not obsolete scandals from before I was born . 
Trump quits presidential race . Now running against Bill Clinton for First Gentleman . 
careful bringing up Bill Clinton when you married a porno actress who poses nude . 
Clinton 2 arrive n StLouis w fresh pail of chum 2 throw n waters around Trump 
Hope someone is monitoring this act . Trump is going rabid tonight . watch out plz . Be ready for MUD ! 
Trump needs to change focus due to his perversion ! 
Amid mounting controversies @nytimes draws out what to watch out for in tonight's debate|Read 
Looks like it's going to be an interesting debate , even if you are not directly associated with the elections . 
To Bill or Not to Bill #trump vs 
If you could give the candidates one bit of advice for tonight's debate , what would it be ? 
Politics|Donald Trump Pushes Back Against Republican Critics and Signals He Will Make Bill 
Trump is actually talking about himself Watch their poll numbers and elections go down ! 
This is how Trump will cheapen the White House and make us a laughing stock , by reducing everything to . 
Donald Trump Pushes Back Against Republican Critics and Signals He Will Make Bill Clinton an Issue at Debate 
Let the idiot destroy the GOP . Is good for the country 
What to Watch For Some strategists have suggested that Donald J . Trump should str . 
What time is it . What to Watch For 
tends to disappear into his own verbal fog , ignore the Q entirely , & amp ; fail to actually answer . 
I think @polscilab Mr Trump is the next supernova . 
Braggadocio ' is an excellent word . What to watch out for tonight at the Presidential Debate 
What to Watch For Good article , probably spot on . 
What to Watch For I'll be watching for the meltdown of Donald Trump which is inevitable . 
Any chance actual issues will be discussed , in lieu of personal attacks ? 
What to Watch For New York Times 
Considering haven't slept for 2.5 weeks , should be up for this . What to Watch For 
What to Watch For Hilary message the pain of public exposure of infertility Empathy for wife 
This should be a corker . What to Watch For 
arrive in St. Louis equipped with a fresh pail of chum to throw in the waters around Mr. Trump 
What to Watch For Great use of the word " self-immolated 
What to Watch For Hillary speaking out of both sides of her mouth will cost her election ! 
What to Watch For trying to dodge the attack by shaming your competitor's husband is disgusting 
Donald Trump faces make or break second debate with Hillary Clinton in St Louis 
Join TDC , ADP & amp ; icitizen on Twitter tonight using #idebate16 . What to Watch For 
What to Watch For The New York Times 
What to Watch For Hillary will do just fine 
Excited is not the right word . What to Watch For 
What to Watch For by NICHOLAS CONFESSORE via NYT The New York Times 
What to Watch For To achieve anything resembling a victory , Donald . 
What to Watch For Presidential Election of 2016 
NICHOLAS CONFESSORE October 09 , 2016 at 05:00 AM Presidential Debate What to Watch For 
Will Trump show up for debate ? 1st question in NYTimes town hall curtain-raiser . I think the answer is yes . 
NEW YORK TIMES What to Watch For To achieve anything resembling a . 
Latest news update from Luisa Florez . What to Watch For 
Check this out What to Watch For 
news " Presidential Debate What to Watch For " via NYT 
He has left open the possibility of skipping this matchup . 
The New York Times What to Watch For 

(NO.2,Set size:45,Billy Bush will not appear on the "Today" show on Monday https://t.co/PxbhpWO4SK)
Billy Bush will not appear on the " Today " show on Monday 
Billy Bush , Host on Today , Is Suspended by NBC 
Billy Bush , a host on Today , was suspended by NBC for his Trump shenanigans 
Ironic that B . Bush is suspended from entertainment but The Donald can still run for Pres ? I'm in the Upside Down ! 
Billy Bush's situation just goes to show you that you are going to be held accountable for your behavior your . 
Yet the other guy on the tape gets to keep running because 
Billy #Bush , Host #TheTodayShow is Suspended by 
Great message to send to young men everywhere A real man calls out his bros ! 
Well I guess this opens him up for a sport on Trumps Supreme Court so that's good 
Well , that " locker room talk " got one person seriously in trouble with their job . 
NBC suspends Billy Bush . Unfortunately , Trump has no one & amp ; nothing keeping his utter lack of decency in check 
A " Billy " gets suspended for foul language 10 years later . Hey Don King says that . 
Billy Bush takes one for the team . 
Billy Bush suspended from role as TODAY host . I wonder if this will be anything like Brian William's suspension . 
Bush Suspended by NBC . He lost his job for doing what any of us would've lost our jobs for . HR don't play . 
Suspending Billy Bush was the right thing to do . Now , fire him , and voters , fire his hero Donald Trump . 
Maybe future for Billy Bush on new Trump reality show after GOP gets power beatdown by woman vote 
@NBC has some balls . Maybe there is some hope for the Bush , Host on Today , Is Suspended by NBC 
Billy Bush , Host on @TODAYshow , Is Suspended by NBC After Controversial Tape Emerges 
Host on Today , Is Suspended by #NBC over one down , one to go ? 
Stumbling , bumbling straight man Billy Bush gets suspended by the Today Show . Meanwhile , his headliner is still a . 
Billy Bush , Host on @nbc @TODAYshow Is Suspended by NBC 
0 Trump Campaign Everything is fucked right now . 
So we suspend this guy for his comments , but we promote the other to the leader of the free world ? 
Voters , for once take a que from MSM ; NBC suspends Billy Bush indefinately . Do that 2 Trump . 
NBC suspends ' Today ' co-anchor Billy Bush upon further review of that controversial tape release . 
This guy is " fired " but not #debates " winner " #DonaldTrump ? What a world Suspended by NBC 
Billy Bush out at Today show ? As colleague notes , not okay for TV show host , but all good for US president . 
Trump's first substantial casualty . Bush , Host on Today , Is Suspended by NBC 
So Billy Bush " youthful exuberance " standard lame Bush family excuse even for acts when in late 30s ? 
Who's laughing now Billy Bush . amp ; @hodakotb safe 2 go 2 work 
NBC journalist Billy Bush finally suspended over misogynist comments 
Billy Bush , host on Today show , has been suspended by NBC for his role in Trump grope tape 
But who's going to suspend Trump ? 
Abstract Entity ' Host Billy Living Thing Is Suspended Over Entity Video 
He deserves it . Host on Today , Is Suspended by NBC 
WHO suspends the other guy , #trump ? The voters probably . Billy Bush , Host on Today , Is Suspended by 
Apparently tv presenters are held to higher standards than potential presidents . 
Host #TodayShow Is #Suspended by #NBC the weak Bush link-wait #JebBush ok nevermind @realDonaldTrump 
At NBC , you're suspended for how it would look to the network , not because it's the right thing 
I don't agree with this . #BillyBush was young and at an impressionable age . Host on Today , Is Suspended by NBC 
Billy Bush Suspended by NBC i actually believe average men talk like this in casual conversations all the time 
Locker room Banter ! Billy Bush gets suspended while DJT threatens HRC with Jail ! 
Donald Trump remains Republican nominee for President of the United States while talk show host Billy Bush gets . 
This is a better article than the title suggests . 
